docs(configuration): add entry[x].runtime (#7173)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/entry-context.mdx

```

When combining with the [`output.library`](/configuration/output/#outputlibrary) option: If an array is passed only the last item is exported.

### Runtime chunk

> It allows to set the runtime chunk for an entrypoint and it can be set to `false` to avoid a new runtime chunk since webpack 5.43.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows setting the runtime chunk for an entry point and setting it to `false` to avoid a new runtime chunk since webpack `v5.43.0`.
```

> `optimization.runtimeChunk` allows to set it globally for unspecified entrypoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`optimization.runtimeChunk` allows setting it globally for unspecified entry points.
```
